I lie here fella
inside screen and the
down my throat
I wanna break out I need a way out I
don't believe that is
right
lifeless in
I man
yeah but no no
Oh
and the
hey
tell me
I'm gonna bring
Oh
you
hello hello
waking up back to start moving into the
world what is feeling just like every
other morning before now I wonder what
my life is gonna mean if it's go
the cars and a half a mile an hour and I
started staring at the passengers
wheeling goodbye can you tell me what
was ever really special about me all
this time
is burning through the crown
where'd all the time
without
it's coming to it
we're gonna preach
are we done
I can't remember Karen corn
tonic wine I couldn't stop
I started running there's no error one
on the street to look
so sure where you going man
well they all do
the world is burning through the grass
we're gonna find
oh let you
hey
a corner and was gone all that was cool
cool it was just our crew that was over
for me it was over
there's no one moment
it was just out cool that was all her
for me and it's all my fault
we're gonna pound